docs(ddx): dedibox network requirements update (#2978)
scaleway/docs-content: dedibox-network/ip-failover/how-to/configure-network-virtual-machine.mdx

  * IP address of the unique gateway: `62.210.0.1`
</Message>

<Macro id="requirements" />

- A Dedibox account logged into the [console](https://console.online.net)
- [Created](/dedibox/dedicated-servers/how-to/order-a-server) a Dedibox dedicated server and installed a hypervisor on it
- Ordered a [failover IP](/dedibox-network/ip-failover/concepts/#failover-ips)
- Generated a [virtual MAC address](/dedibox-network/ip-failover/concepts/#virtual-mac-address)

> Find below examples of network interfaces configuration on different distributions inside a virtual machine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find below examples of network interface configurations on different distributions inside a virtual machine:
```
